== 月下人狼 ==
Are you a werewolf?

[http://jinrou.uhyohyo.net/ 月下人狼サーバー]稼働中!
== version ==
1.14.31

== requirements ==
* Redis
* MongoDB >= 3.2

== usage ==
# Copy the source code
## `git clone git://github.com/uhyo/jinrou.git`
# Install dependencies
## `cd jinrou`
## `npm install`
# Configure
## `cp -r config.default config`
## edit `config/app.coffee`
# Build front-end scripts
## `cd front`
## `npm install`
## `npm run production-build`
## `cd ..`
# Run databases
## run MongoDB
## run redis
# Run the application serverj
## SS_ENV=production SS_PACK=1 node app.js

== development ==
To run in development mode, just run `node app.js`.

=== notes on front-end scripts ===
Built assets will be placed at `client/static/front-assets`. Also, intermediate files are placed at `front/dist-esm`.

Building procedures are cpu- and memory- expensive. If you do not want to build on your server, you can build locally and copy the results to the server.

For development, use `npm run watch` in the `front/` directory to keey updating the front-end assets.

In production mode, contents of `client/static/front-assets/` can be served with `Cache-Control: immutable`. This will increace the effect of caches.

== using Docker ==
Optionally, one can use Docker to run the jinrou service.

The `Dockerfile` file and `docker` directory are only for this purpose.

=== docker image ===
To build the docker image for jinrou, run `docker build .` in the project directory. `Dockerfile` defines the image.

=== docker-compose ===
To run jinrou in an isolated environment using docker-compose, enther `docker` directory and run `docker-compose up --build`. This starts the jinrou docker image along with mongodb and redis Docker containers. The `docker/config.docker` directory contains a config file for running jinrou in this environment.

== jobs ==
全80種くらい?

=== 基本 ===
* 村人
* 占い師
* 霊能者
* 狂人
* 狩人
* 共有者
* 埋毒者
* 人狼
* 妖狐
* 埋毒者
* 大狼
* 子狐
=== 桃栗特殊 ===
* こうもり
* 貴族
* 奴隷
* 魔術師
* スパイ
* 人狼占い
=== 桃栗期間限定 ===
* 逃走者
* 商人
* 女王感戦者
* 狂人狼
* 嘘つき
* スパイⅡ
* コピー
=== うそつき人狼 ===
* 独裁者
* 予言者のママ
* 罠師
* 狼少年
* 王様
=== 究極の人狼 ===
いろいろ
=== 月夜の人狼 ===
* 看板娘
* 慎重な狼

などなど

=== options ===
* 決定者
* 権力者
* 死神の手帳
* 闇鍋
* 一部闇鍋
* 量子人狼



